For this exercise, you'll set up a proxy on your system,
load a web website through the proxy,
and examine the result.
A proxy is a legitimate man in the middle and has
many benefits like saving bandwidth by adding additional compression,
downsampling images, and doing aggressive caching.
The proxy you'll be using is just going to well that's what you need to figure out.
For this quiz, pick a non HTTPS website to test out.
You'll get a chance to try out an HTTPS site in the next quiz.
Does the text of the website disappear,
are the site's images flipped upside down?
Do the colors of the site get inverted?
Is the site unreachable?
Or does nothing visibly change and the site looks completely normal?
Remember that you should run this in an incognito window to prevent caching.
Don't forget that you'll need to run the proxy on your own machine.
You'll find the binary for the proxy below,
along with instructions on how to get your browser set up to